             Interview Question For DBA 

1 What types of databases do you work with?

2 Do you have experience with on-premises databases, cloud databases or both?

3 Can you explain what ODBC is?

4 What is the highest number of database servers you have worked with?

5 How would you handle data loss during a database migration?

6 Give an example of a goal you reached and tell me how you achieved it.

7 Give an example of a goal you didn't meet and how you handled it. 


          

            Interview Question For Java Web Developer

1  List some of the input types that are new to HTML5

2 How are your SQL skills?

3 What do you do when an application stops working?

4 What's the difference between SOAP and REST?

5 Name a website or app that annoys you. What’s wrong with it?

6 Describe a stressful situation at work and how you handled it.

7 Tell me about how you worked effectively under pressure.


                Interview Question For Quality Assurance 

1 What Testing tools do you use/recommend, and Why?

2 In an Automated world, how relevant is Manual Testing?

3 What is the difference between Agile and Scrum?

4 What are the first three things you’d do if you join us?

5 How would you bring down the defects count in a project?

6 How do you handle a challenge?

7 Have you been in a situation where you didn't have enough work to do?


               interview question for project managemnet 
			  
1 What are the three key challenges for our industry today and how can these be tackled effectively?

2 What were the communication challenges on your last project?

3 What is your communication style with your team?

4 How do you communicate bad news?

5 How have you handled disgruntled employees?

6 Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so?

7 Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a client’s expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?


                interview question for CyberSecurity
				
1 What is the difference between a threat, a vulnerability, and a risk?

2 How do you go about securing a server?

3 Why is DNS monitoring important?

4 What port does ping work over?

5 What is the difference between encoding, encrypting, and hashing?

6 What do you do if you disagree with your boss?

7 Do you listen? Give an example of when you did or when you didn't listen.
              
